Professional
Summary
Leading people, projects, and managing customer requirements with
demonstrated capacity to keep track of details, juggle priorities, and clear
roadblocks so people can get the work done with 15 years of professional
experience. Reputation for building high-performance teams, for excellent verbal,
writing, and analytic skills, and for fostering effective inter- and
intra-departmental communication. Adept at managing client requirements.
Currently working as Head of IT / Program Manager for Enerjisa Power
Generation (E.on Turkey) Company.
Area of
Expertise
Include
● Software Design / Refactoring
● Attract and Retain Talents
● Agile Development
● Linux / Unix
● Cloud PaaS / IaaS (Azure/AWS)
● Situational Leadership
● C++
● .Net
● Java
● Python
● JavaScript
● Objective-C
● PostgreSQL / PostGIS
● Microsoft SQL Server
Skills
Experience
● Demonstrated accomplishments in leading teams and projects that
leverage emerging technologies to deliver innovative and quality
solutions.
● Deep knowledge and understanding of core software concepts, mobile
technologies, architectures, and trends.
● Strong experience in recruiting tech talents, building high performing
teams, mentoring and coaching.
Enerjisa Power Generation 2018-Present
Head of IT
Rebuilding technology organization, capabilities and IT infrastructure by
outsourcing non-core capabilities and transforming IT from its traditional service
provider role to a value generator.
● Drive Cloud transformation sustaining compatibility to regulations (EMRA,
TPDPL)
● Drive Refactoring/Re-Engineering of in house software development
projects
● SAP S/4HANA transformation
● HR platform cloud transformation
● Outsourcing IT infrastructure to IBM
● SCADA Security implementation for Power Plants
Technologies : AWS, .Net Core, Linux, PostgreSQL, Kubernetes
EnerjiSA 2014-2018
Software Development Manager
● Manage a team of 20 people including Software Engineers, Technical
Analysts and Testers located in Ankara and Istanbul.
Allocate appropriate resources, work close to project managers to satisfy
delivery on-time of multiple projects with regard to the development
methodologies.
● Partner with product management and enterprise architecture to set the
direction for application development
● Attract exceptional engineers, team building, and motivating the team.
● Handle recruitment, training and performance management of the team
members.
Featured Projects:
● Enerjisa Mobile Application for B2C and B2B customers
● Mobile Application for Enerjisa’s smart home product Akıllı Kutu
● Alo 168: Outage notification mobile application for Enerjisa Distribution
Company
● Online Enerjisa: Online service portal for B2C customers, handles 6000
unique visits per day and more than 1MTL of payment is being transacted
to company through the site
● www.enerjisa.com.tr: Homepage of Enerjisa
● www.baskentelektrik.com.tr: Homepage of Enerjisa Distribution Company,
a Microsoft Sharepoint portal.
● Handheld application for billing and reading meters used by 4500 field
workers every day. Works on Android and Windows 6.5.
● Developing software products for Enerjisa Power & Gas Trading Company’s
fundamental market models.
● Hybrid mobile application for sales activities. More than 300 field workers
are using this app every day.
● Enerjisa Energy Efficiency Game
Other Activities :
● Member of Enerjisa Innovation Team participating various activities
including boot camps, idea generation activities and development of
winning ideas.
● Participate vendor management activities.
Technologies : .Net Core, React, Telerik, Spring Boot, AWS, Android, IOS
PlusOneMinusOne 2011-2014
Software Team Manager / Platform Architect
● Managing Software Projects and Solutions and Software Engineering team
● Design and establishment of all IT infrastructure and software stack on top
of Microsoft Azure. (PaaS / IaaS)
● Architectural design, key developments, integration model developments
and lead the team for following projects
○ Yapı Kredi Bank Cash Management Software
○ Yapı Kredi Bank Workforce Optimization
○ ING Bank Cash Management Software
○ TEB Bank Cash Management Software
○ Finans Bank ATM Location Suggestion System
○ AVEA Telecom Inventory Management
○ AVEA 2G and 3G Data Forecasting
○ AVEA Telecom Network Optimizer
● Projects including advanced analytics engine developed on Hadoop making
sentiment analysis in Turkish language, in-house developed geocoding
server.
Technologies : .Net, Python, TypeScript, Javascript, HTML5, j2EE, Android, Azure,
IBM Smart Cloud Enterprise, Amazon EC2
NETCAD&ULUSAL CAD . 2009-2011
Senior Software Developer
● Develop spatial data extraction module BelnetNC which is scalable
platform for developing applications in various business domains.
● Silverlight based GIS SDK that is being used in over 50 municipalities.
● Some part of the mining module NetPro/Mine
● Design and develop the concept of the GIS integration approach being
widely used in Turkey (http://www.e-bldy.com)
● Glonet(3D+) Engine, Core patches
● IPhone and Android applications
Technologies : SOA,.Net, Silverlight, HTML5, C++, WCF, Azure
National Service 2008-2009
NETCAD&ULUSAL CAD . 2006-2008
Software Developer
● One of the largest National Project RABIS, design and develop data layer.
● Development of various applications for over 30 municipalities.
● Development of award winning web site, which shows pharmacies whose
turn it is to be open at night or during a holiday
(http://www.bilisimyildizlari.com/forms/sonuclar_2009.aspx
http://onlineharita.pendik.bel.tr/eczane/index.aspx)
● Development of online city guide web applications
Technologies : .Net, Ajax, Prototype.js, JQuery, Openlayers
İ.T.Ü. Satellite Ground Station 2005-2006
GIS Specialist / Developer
● Design of a software based on Object Oriented Classification algorithms
● Development of a Satellite Ground Station Workflow application
● Design and development of a software for UVDF (National Data Exchange
Format) data visualization
Technologies: C++,Qt, Linux, Solaris, Oracle
NETCAD&ULUSAL CAD. 2003-2005
GIS Application Developer
● Custom GIS applications for various Municipalities.
● Design and development of integration services with other companies.
● Design and development of web applications using NetGis Server and
products.
Technologies : .Net, COM, VB, SOAP, ASP, JavaScript, Oracle
Education
Istanbul Technical University / Geodesy and Photogrammetry Engineering
1997-2003