PROFIL
Looking for a dynamic and challenging job in a
creative and technical environment where there
are scope to demonstrate my knowledge,
initiative and hard-work.
Experienced in object-oriented programming,
developing, testing and debugging code,
designing interface, administering systems and
networking.
Quickly learn and master new technologies.
A U S B I L D U N G
Technische Universität Chemnitz
Master’s Degree 04/17 - aktuell
Automotive Software Engineering
Rajshahi University
Bachelor’s Degree 11/09 – 10/13
Computer Science and Engineering
BERUFSERFAHR
UThNe GM essenger
Software Engineer 11/13 – 03/17
Work as an android developer and during my work time in The Messenger me and my team work in several
android projects and completed several android projects. During my development I use Eclipse as software tool
and Java as a language in the end of 2016 we switch to android studio.
ASHIK DAS
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER
FÄHIGKEITEN
Creative
Teamwork
Innovative
Organization
Communication
TECHNISCHE FÄHIGKEITEN
Languages/Methodologies:
Java, C#, C, C++, XML/XSL, UML, JavaScript, PHP
Technologies and Repository:
JNDI, JMS, RMI, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, SAX/DOM, Web Services, SOAP, WSDL,
UDDI, JAXB, Java Mail, WAP, WML, HTML, GitHub, SVN
Software Tools and Utilities:
Eclipse, Android Studio, Tomcat, Apache, Apache, Jserv, JRun, JBuilder, Visual Studio
Database Technologies:
Oracle 8.x/9.x, SQL Server, MS Access
Data Communication and Networking:
TCP/IP, SNMP, POP3, SMTP, Sendmail, DNS
Nowadays people need to explore their interest and share their knowledge, also in a
society people try to create event for various purpose and they want others to
participate in their events and try to know how others feel about their events. This is it,
this app will help you to explore your event, and all you need to do create your event
and explain your events through this app.
 Create events with images.
 Add event name, location, tags, dates.
 Search event with three kind of search form which is tag search, map search and date
search.
 Write comments and also see your own event comments.
 See and search nearest events from your location.
 Delete events.
 Report events.
 Favourite events.
Tamemap
Attendro
This app will help Entrepreneur to track their employee in a proper way. Entrepreneur
want to know when the employee came to office and when they leave and who did the
overtime work and who leave earlier, so this will help to track all this.
 Time Capture & Approvals
 Track time for any employee type with our highly configurable and intuitive timesheets.
Leverage flexible approval workflows that adapt to your business processes to ensure
accuracy and compliance.
 Overtime Management
 Keep overtime costs in check with configurable calculation rules that increase accuracy
and improve compliance with overtime laws.
 Absence Management
 Automate your time off management with self-service time off request capabilities and
advanced accrual rules and calculations.
 Real-time Reporting.
 Enjoy real-time insights with pre-delivered reports that can be customized with filters and
groupings to get the exact data you need.
Peek@you
When we go some new place where we don’t know any people and try to make some
friends and introduce ourselves but can’t find a way to do it this app will help you to
make some new friends in new place. All you need to do is join that location chat room
and have fun.
 List of chat room to join.
 Search room over map.
 Find nearest chat room.
 Text and video chat.
 File share.
 Block request.
 Private chatting